docs: Add epoch migration to UPGRADING.md (#1808)
cosmos/interchain-security: UPGRADING.md

Upgrading a provider from `v4.0.0` to `v4.1.0` or `v4.1.0-lsm` requires state migrations, see relevant pull request [here](https://github.com/cosmos/interchain-security/pull/1762),
as well as the corresponding migrators [here](https://github.com/cosmos/interchain-security/blob/release/v4.1.x/x/ccv/provider/migrations/migrator.go#L38) and [here](https://github.com/cosmos/interchain-security/blob/release/v4.1.x-lsm/x/ccv/provider/migrations/migrator.go#L38).

> Another necessary migration apart from migrating parameters is to initialize the initial ConsumerValSet for all existing consumer chains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apart from running the ICS migrators, the provider chain also needs to initialize the `ConsumerValSet` for all existing consumer chains to ensure correct validator set replication.
```

To do so, the following code should be added to the upgrade handler of the provider chain:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```go
```
